Update page in Amplify Central overview section “_index” (#49)
Axway/amplify-central: content/en/docs/Overview/_index.md

* Value is recognized when your APIs are consumed. Amplify will **help grow the consumption of your APIs** by enabling a consistent consumer experience allowing you to search, discover, learn about, try, subscribe to, and consume the appropriate digital assets.
* Gain **insights** into what will be the next evolution of your API strategy. You can view what APIs are conforming to your standard regardless of where that API is deployed. You can identify which APIs are successful and growing, which need modifications or additional enhancement, which have functional overlap, and which need to be retired.
* **Universal API Management**. Allow your consumers (internal or partners) to onboard and consume APIs with a unified experience regardless of what data plane is governing the API traffic

## Functional capability

![Amplify functionality](/Images/Overview/amplify-platform-overview.jpg)

> Amplify can be split into two components, the SaaS-based management plane (shown in the top of the diagram in blue) called the Amplify Management Plane and the data planes (shown at the bottom). The terms management (or control) plane and data plane are borrowed from computer networking, as the data plane carries the user’s runtime traffic while the management plane is responsible for administration, configuration, monitoring, and management across the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplify consists of a SaaS-based Amplify Management Plane (shown in the top of the diagram in blue), data planes (shown at the bottom), and Amplify agents (shown in the middle). The terms management (or control) plane and data plane are borrowed from computer networking, as the data plane carries the user’s runtime traffic while the management plane is responsible for administration, configuration, monitoring, and management across the network.
```

Author: Change looks good!

Mapping this analogy back to Amplify:

* The data planes are the API Gateways that are processing runtime transactions; these are your enforcement points that are providing security and access control for your traffic.
* The Amplify management plane is providing governance over the data planes. Data planes are connected to the Management plane via Amplify agents (see below for intro to agents).

{{< alert title="Note" color="primary" >}}The integration of data planes is also available through API or CLI, for integration with existing CI/CD tooling and processes. Axway also offers an Amplify Agent SDK for creating agents for platforms not yet supported.{{< /alert >}}

> ### Amplify Management Plane

Reviewer: The management plane allows platform admins and API providers to administer users, teams, agents, and other related entities in support of managing your distributed environments and organizations.

> ### Amplify Management Plane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Amplify Management Plane

The management plane allows platform admins and API providers to administer users, teams, agents, and other related entities in support of managing your distributed environments and organizations.
```

#### Catalog

API providers have visibility over the environments that have been connected to the Amplify platform, including services within those environments. Discovery Agents automate the retrieval of information from these systems, but services can also be added manually or via API or CLI. APIs and other assets are curated and published to the Amplify Catalog, which becomes the marketplace for all integration assets in your enterprise, ranging from APIs to Managed File Transfer Flows to mobile SDKs. The Catalog caters to both providers and consumers, and enables enterprises to deliver digital experiences with great speed and control by offering a centralized location for discovery and collaboration around assets, maximizing reuse across the enterprise.

#### Administration

> The management plane allows platform admins and API providers to administer users, teams, agents, and other related entities in support of managing your distributed environments and organizations. Providers can manage onboarding of developers, assign permissions, and oversee the environments. As consumers create apps and subscribe to assets, providers can grant access and manage those subscriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API providers can manage onboarding of developers, assign permissions, and oversee the environments. As consumers create apps and subscribe to assets, API providers can grant access and manage those subscriptions.
```

Author: Change looks good!

#### Analytics

Amplify provides you with a centralized view of the API usage and consumption across the enterprise:

![Amplify analytics](/Images/central/analytics.png)

### Data plane

#### Amplify agents

Amplify agents are lightweight software applications that run on your data plane host. These agents are responsible for gathering information that is happening in your data plane and sending it to the Amplify platform:

* **Discovery Agents** automate the process of finding assets deployed in a Gateway (for example, OAS 3.0, WSDL, etc.), and sending them to the Amplify platform where they are made available in the Catalog. Consumers can subscribe to use the discovered assets, at which point the agent helps to natively provision this subscription in the Gateway.
* **Traceability Agents** collect usage, metrics, and data plane transaction metadata and send them to the Amplify platform for additional insights. In the platform, API consumers and API providers gain visibility into the performance and behavior of the assets discovered in the data plane.

#### Federate data planes

> Axway offers the following federate data planes, with each offering specific capabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Federated data planes are data planes that are connected to and managed from the Amplify platform, but work completely independent from each other. Axway offers the following federate data planes, with each offering specific capabilities:
```

Author: We should remove the managed from, because most data planes are just connected to the Amplify Platform and cannot be managed from the platform.

* Value is recognized when your APIs are consumed. Amplify will **help grow the consumption of your APIs** by enabling a consistent consumer experience allowing you to search, discover, learn about, try, subscribe to, and consume the appropriate digital assets.
* Gain **insights** into what will be the next evolution of your API strategy. You can view what APIs are conforming to your standard regardless of where that API is deployed. You can identify which APIs are successful and growing, which need modifications or additional enhancement, which have functional overlap, and which need to be retired.
* **Universal API Management**. Allow your consumers (internal or partners) to onboard and consume APIs with a unified experience regardless of what data plane is governing the API traffic

## Functional capability

![Amplify functionality](/Images/Overview/amplify-hub-overview.png)

> Amplify can be split into two components, the SaaS-based management plane (shown in the top of the diagram in blue) called the Amplify Hub and the data planes (shown at the bottom). The terms management (or control) plane and data plane are borrowed from computer networking, as the data plane carries the user’s runtime traffic while the management plane is responsible for administration, configuration, monitoring, and management across the network.

Reviewer: Doesn't Amplify consist of three components? The Amplify Hub, the Amplify agents, and the data planes?

Author: Indeed you can see it as three components.

Mapping this analogy back to Amplify:

* The data planes are the API Gateways that are processing runtime transactions; these are your enforcement points that are providing security and access control for your traffic.

> * The Amplify management plane is providing governance over the data planes. Data planes are connected to the Management plane via Amplify agents (see below for intro to agents).

Reviewer: This goes along with my comment above. The Amplify agents connect the data planes to the Management plane (Amplify Hub).
Also, the concept of the Amplify Hub is introduced in this overview, but Management plane is used in place of Amplify Hub throughout the overview.  Case is inconsistent throughout for Management plane. Is it management plane or Management plane?

Author: I removed the reference to Amplify Hub.

{{< alert title="Note" color="primary" >}}The integration of data planes is also available through API or CLI, for integration with existing CI/CD tooling and processes. Axway also offers an Amplify Agent SDK for creating agents for platforms not yet supported.{{< /alert >}}

> ### Amplify Hub

Reviewer: Needs an introductory paragraph. The Amplify Hub governs the data planes with .....

Reviewer: Please provide a introductory paragraph for Amplify Management Plane (after line #44)

#### Administration

The management plane allows platform admins and API providers to administer users, teams, agents, and other related entities in support of managing your distributed environments and organizations. Providers can manage onboarding of developers, assign permissions, and oversee the environments. As consumers create apps and subscribe to assets, providers can grant access and manage those subscriptions.

#### Analytics

Amplify provides you with a centralized view of the API usage and consumption across the enterprise:

![Amplify analytics](/Images/central/analytics.png)

### Data plane

#### Amplify agents

> Amplify agents are lightweight software applications that run on your data plane host. The agents are responsible for gathering information that is happening in your data plane and sending it to the Amplify platform. The following two types of agents are available and the information that they gather:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplify agents are lightweight software applications that run on your data plane host. The following agents are responsible for gathering information that is happening in your data plane and sending it to the Amplify platform:
```

> * **Discovery Agents** automate the process of finding assets deployed in a Gateway (for example, OAS 3.0, WSDL, etc.), and sending them to the Amplify platform where they are made available in the Catalog for people to find and use. Consumers can subscribe to use the discovered assets, at which point the agent helps to natively provision this subscription in the Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Discovery Agents** automate the process of finding assets deployed in a Gateway (for example, OAS 3.0, WSDL, etc.), and sends them to the Amplify platform where they are made available in the Catalog for people to find and use. Consumers can subscribe to use the discovered assets, at which point the agent helps to natively provision this subscription in the Gateway.
```

* **Traceability Agents** collect usage, metrics, and data plane transaction metadata and send them to the Amplify platform for additional insights. In the platform, API consumers and API providers gain visibility into the performance and behavior of the assets discovered in the data plane.

> #### Federate data planes

Reviewer: Federated data planes (make consistent with image). Data planes are discussed throughout the overview, but Federated data planes are only referenced in the image and in this heading. What's the difference?

Author: Each gateway on its own is a data plane and you can have multiple data planes that are connected to the Amplify Platform. Federated means that while they work completely independent from each other, they are managed in a Central way from the the Amplify Platform.

> Axway offer the following federate data planes, each with offering specific capabilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Axway offers the following federate data planes, with each offering specific capabilities:
```

> * **[API Gateway](https://docs.axway.com/category/apim)** is a runtime gateway that proxies the REST APIs registered in API Manager, and that enforces configured policies on client requests and responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[API Gateway](https://docs.axway.com/category/apim)** is a runtime gateway that proxies the REST APIs registered in API Manager and enforces configured policies on client requests and responses.
```
